Updated README.md (#3)
koajs/koa-router: README.md

[![NPM Downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/@koa/router.svg?style=flat)](https://npmjs.org/package/@koa/router) 
[![Node.js Version](https://img.shields.io/node/v/@koa/router.svg?style=flat)](http://nodejs.org/download/)
[![Build Status](https://img.shields.io/travis/koajs/koa-router.svg?style=flat)](http://travis-ci.org/koajs/koa-router)
[![Gitter Chat](https://img.shields.io/badge/gitter-join%20chat-1dce73.svg?style=flat)](https://gitter.im/koajs/koa-router/)

* Express-style routing (`app.get`, `app.put`, `app.post`, etc.)
* Named URL parameters
* Named routes with URL generation
* Responds to `OPTIONS` requests with allowed methods
* Support for `405 Method Not Allowed` and `501 Not Implemented`
* Multiple route middleware
* Multiple and nestable routers
* `async/await` support

## Call for Maintainers

This module is forked from the original [koa-router](https://github.com/ZijianHe/koa-router) due to its lack of activity. `koa-router` is the most widely used router module in the Koa community and we need maintainers. If you're interested in fixing bugs or implementing new features feel free to open a pull request. We'll be adding active contributors as collaborators.

> Thanks to the original authors @alexmingoia and the original team for their great work.

Reviewer: This looks weird, maybe:

```suggestion
Thanks to @alexmingoia and all the original contributors for their great work.
```
